update attributesToCrop and attributesToHighlight (#266)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/search_parameters.md

`attributesToRetrieve=<Attribute>,<Attribute>,...`

> The default value is all the attributes in the [displayedAttributes](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#displayed-attributes) list present in the [settings](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md) (which by default contains all the attributes found in every document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `<Attribute>` (Optional, string, Defaults to `*`)

>   Comma-separated list of attributes whose fields will be present in the returned documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Comma-separated list of attributes whose fields will be present in the returned documents.
  
  Defaults to the attributes added to the [displayedAttributes list](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#displayed-attributes) which is a [configuration setting](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#displayed-attributes) that contains by default all attributes found in the documents.
```

Attributes whose values will be cropped if they contain a matched query word.

> `attributesToCrop=<Attribute:Croplength>,<Attribute:Croplength>,...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options:

`attributesToCrop=<Attribute:Croplength>,<Attribute:Croplength>,...`
```

- `<Attribute:Croplength>` OR `<Attribute>` (Optional, string, defaults to empty)

  Comma-separated list of attributes whose values will be cropped if they contain a matched query word.<br>

>   Each attribute can be joined by an optional croplength.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Each attribute can be joined by an optional `cropLength`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`attributesToCrop=*`

```

> - `"*"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `*`
```

>   The attribute can also be `*`. In that case, `*` will be replaced by all attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `*` character can also be used. In that case, all the attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve` will be assigned to `attributesToCrop`.
```

> `cropLength=<Integer>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cropLength=<Integer>` (Optional, positive integer, defaults to `200`)
```

> The default value is 200.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  Comma-separated list of attributes. Every matching query words in the given attribute field will be wrapped around an `<em>` tag.

- `"*"`

>   The attribute can also be `*`. In that case, `*` will be replaced by all attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve`.

Reviewer 2: Do you want to change it here aswel @matboivin ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The `*` character can also be used. In that case, all the attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve` will be assigned to `attributesToHighlight`.
```
